# Build-Multiple-Linear-Regression-Model-to-Predict-Total-Bank-Revenue.
# Background

A bank wants to understand how customer banking habits contribute to revenues and profitability.  The bank has customer age and bank account information (see table below).
The goal is to build a model that allows the bank to predict profitability for a given customer.  
A surrogate for customer profitability available in our data set is the Total Revenue a customer generates through their accounts and transactions.  
The resulting model will be used to forecast bank revenues and guide the bank in future marketing campaigns.

# The Data

Rev_Total	Total revenue generated by the customer over a 6 month period.

Bal_Total	Total of all account balances, across all counts held by the customer.

Offer	An indicator of whether the customer has received a special promotional offer in the previous one month period (1 if offer was received, 0 if it was not)
AGE	Customer’s age.

CHQ	Debit card activity: 0 = low or no activity, 1 = higher activity.

CARD	Credit card activity: 0 = low or no activity, 1 = higher activity.

SAV1	Primary savings account activity: 0 = low or no activity, 1 = higher activity.

LOAN	Personal loan account activity:  0 = low or no activity, 1 = higher activity.

MORT	Mortgage account tier: 0 = lower tier, less important to bank portfolio
1 = higher tier, important to bank portfolio.

INSUR	Insurance account activity:  0 = low or no activity, 1 = higher activity.

PENS	Pension (retirement) account tier: 0 = lower balance / less important
1 = higher tier / more important to bank.

Check	Checking account activity: 0 = low or zero activity, 1 = higher activity.

AccountAge	Number of years as a customer of the bank.
